mrs. Carruthers welcome come on in have
a seat me of course I have been looking
over your resume and I have to say I am
very impressed oh thank you you know
actually I think to be honest you are
overqualified to be an accountant oh
well that's okay I don't intend to work
very hard uh really absolutely in fact I
only intend to show up when I feel like
it which is good because I have a wide
variety of extremely annoying personal
habits and absolutely no sense of
hygiene oh you know then I don't feel
like you're then the correct person for
this position that's okay I quit
yeah you can't quit you don't work here
like I would ever work here like we
would ever hire you
oh yeah yeah and even if you did work
here I wouldn't even give you the
opportunity to quit because I would fire
you well you can't fire me because I
don't work here that's right you don't
and I would can your ass so quick prove
it okay you've got the job thank you
don't welcome and now it is my pleasure
to inform you that I quit you can't quit
I fired you
no it's it's too late I don't I don't
work here anymore fine let's try this
again you've got the job and now you're
fired no you offered me the job but I
never accepted look I've already worked
for you it's very tedious and now you
want me back I I think it's a regressive
career move okay what can we do to get
you to come work for us a race a race
$200 an hour 200 an hour
okay prorated to this ten seconds you're
gonna be working here so twelve cents
and this time I promise I won't quit you
promise you won't quit you promise
you'll let me fire you if you still want
to oh I'm sure I'm going to want to so
we have a deal
I've already been an accountant here I
feel like I've outgrown the position I
want something higher
how about junior vice president junior
vice president $200 an hour or 12 cents
whichever comes first and you promise
not to quit before I have the
opportunity to fire you
that's correct great we've got the job
I accept now you're fired oh you you
can't fire me I'm junior vice president
I'm your boss
well that doesn't that doesn't make
sense as your boss I regret that I have
to fire you why are you firing me well I
I can't help but notice as a head of
personnel you've been hiring some very
strange people lately at $200 an hour
for me what am I supposed to do without
a job well we do have a new position
opening up and head of personnel do you
have any experience